README.md, before:

My Boilerplate Android
===

Welcome to my experiment playground for Android. I like **Computer Vision** and **Machine Learning** and am trying to run them on the smartphone.

> `app` and `lib-tensorflow` is under refactoring.

Demo Apps
---

### demo-widget

The demo app using `lib-core` and `lib-widget`.

### demo-dlib

The demo app using `lib-core`, `lib-widget`, `lib-protobuf` and `lib-dlib`.

### demo-doodle

The demo app for letting you to draw sketch on a canvas.

Library
---

### lib-core

The most common Java/JNI code used generally in the demo apps.

### lib-widget

The custom *View* fishpound. e.g. [ElasticDragLayout](lib-widget/src/main/java/com/my/widget/ElasticDragLayout.java)

### lib-component

The custom *Activity* or *Fragment* that could be repeatedly used.

### lib-dlib

The `dlib` port and Java/JNI functions I'm experimenting.

### lib-protobuf

A serialization/deserialization library from Google.

### lib-tensorflow

The JNI for Tensorflow.

Temporary Folder
---

The `lib-distribution` folder is generated after first build.

Commit message:

Refactoring: Create lib-common-theme.

README.md, after:

My Boilerplate Android
===

Welcome to my experiment playground for Android. I like **Computer Vision** and **Machine Learning** and am trying to run them on the smartphone.

> `app` and `lib-tensorflow` is under refactoring.

Demo Apps
---

### demo-widget

The demo app using `lib-core` and `lib-widget`.

### demo-dlib

The demo app using `lib-core`, `lib-widget`, `lib-protobuf` and `lib-dlib`.

### demo-doodle

The demo app for letting you to draw sketch on a canvas.

Library
---

### lib-core

The most common Java/JNI code used generally in the demo apps.

### lib-common-theme

The common theme widely used in the demo experiment.

### lib-widget

The custom *View* fishpound. e.g. [ElasticDragLayout](lib-widget/src/main/java/com/my/widget/ElasticDragLayout.java)

### lib-component

The custom *Activity* or *Fragment* that could be repeatedly used.

### lib-dlib

The `dlib` port and Java/JNI functions I'm experimenting.

### lib-protobuf

A serialization/deserialization library from Google.

### lib-tensorflow

The JNI for Tensorflow.

Temporary Folder
---

The `lib-distribution` folder is generated after first build.
